DOCS-8791 Add more info for OAuth (#1047)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-dynamics-365/2.4/modules/ROOT/pages/microsoft-dynamics-365-connector-studio.adoc

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector: 

. In Studio, select *File > New > Mule Project*.
. Enter a name for your Mule project and click *Finish*.

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

Add Microsoft Dynamics 365 Connector to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In the *Add Dependencies to Project* window, type `dynamics 365` in the search field.
. Click *Microsoft Dynamics 365* in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio does not make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-input-source]]
== Configure a Source

A source initiates a flow when a specified condition is met.

> You can configure one of these input sources to use with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure one of these sources to use with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Connector:
```

Reviewer: Take it or leave it, I know we've been talking about this the last few weeks.

> * *On new object* +
> Start your app when an object is created.
> * *On modified object* +
> Start your app when an object is modified.
> * *HTTP > Listener*, which initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
> * *Scheduler*, which initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *On new object*, which starts your app when an object is created.
* *On modified object*, which starts your app when an object is modified.
* *HTTP > Listener*, which initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
* *Scheduler*, which initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met
```

```suggestion
* *On new object* +
Starts your app when an object is created.
* *On modified object* +
Starts your app when an object is modified.
* *HTTP > Listener* +
Initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port.
* *Scheduler* +
Initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met.
```

> For example, to configure an *On New Object source* operation, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to configure an *On New Object* source operation, follow these steps:
```
```suggestion
For example, to configure an *On New Object* source, follow these steps:
```

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Dynamics 365 > On new object*.
+
image:dynamics-365-select-on-new-object.png[On New Object source selected in Mule Palette view]
+
. Drag *On new object* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *On new object* *General* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Entity type* field, for example `account`. +
The entity type string describes business data that is defined in the Microsoft Dynamics 365 instance. 
+

> image:dynamics-365-on-new-object-general.png[General configuration fields for On New Object source operation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image:dynamics-365-on-new-object-general.png[General configuration fields for On New Object source]
```

Reviewer: Just to make it consistent everywhere, use _source operation_ or _source_

. Select the operation in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, from *Connection*, select the authentication type for the connection: 
* <<oauth-connection,Connection>>
* <<oauth-username-password>>OAuth Username and Password
+
You can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended), or you can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties. For information about the benefits of using property placeholders and how to configure them, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[oauth-connection]]
=== Configure OAuth 2.0 Connection

OAuth 2.0 authentication is implemented and handled by Mule runtime engine rather than by the connector itself. 

> To use the connector in a flow, you must perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the connector in a flow, follow these steps:
```

. Enter the following required information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure *Connection* authentication:
* *Resource* +
Resource URL for accessing the Microsoft Dynamics 365 instance
* *Consumer Key* +
OAuth consumer key registered with the service provider
* *Consumer Secret* +
OAuth consumer secret registered with the service provider
* *Listener Config* +
A reference to the listener that catches the access token callback endpoint
* *Callback Path* +
The path of the access token callback endpoint
* *Authorize Path* +
The path of the local HTTP endpoint that triggers the OAuth dance 
. You must first call the `/authorize` path by pasting it in to a web page.
. A web page is returned, where you must perform the authorization steps by providing your credentials and so on. 

> . After the proper authorization steps are completed, the web page then redirects to whatever you configured inside the *Callback Path* field, for example `/oauth2callback`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you complete the proper authorization steps, the web page then redirects to whatever you configured inside the *Callback Path* field, for example `/oauth2callback`. +
```

> This redirect contains additional properties, including an access code that for the connector to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This redirect contains additional properties, including an access code for the connector to use.
```

[[oauth-username-password]]
=== Configure OAuth 2.0 Username and Password

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure *OAuth Username and Password* authentication to enable access to your Microsoft Dynamics 365 server:

* *Username* +
User name used to initialize the session.
* *Password* +
Password used to authenticate against the proxy.
* *Resource* +
Application ID URI of the web API's secured resource.
* *Client ID* +
Application ID assigned to your app when you registered it with Azure AD. You can find this in the Azure Portal:
. Go to the Azure portal.
. Click *Active Directory*, and select the directory.
. Click the application, and then click *Configure*.
* *Client Secret* +
App secret that you created in the app registration portal for your app. It should not be used in a native app, because client secrets cannot be reliably stored on devices. It is required for web apps and web APIs, which have the ability to store the client secret securely on the server side.
* *Token Request Endpoint* +

> URL of the OAuth token request server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL of the OAuth token request server.
```

> The following image shows an example OAuth Username and Password configuration using property placeholders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image shows an example OAuth Username and Password configuration using property placeholders:
```
